Update porting guide v3 (#223)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/couple-your-code/couple-your-code-porting-v2-3.md

- preCICE does not reset your write data to `0` any longer.
-->

### Remove `initializeData()` calls

> The API function `initializeData()` has been removed in [#1350](https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/1350). `initialize()` now takes care of all the initialization - including data initialization. This means, you have to call `initialize()`, where you previously called `initializeData()`. Be aware that this also means that all meshes have to be defined before calling `initialize()` and that you have to write all initialize data before calling `initialize()`. Change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API function `initializeData()` has been removed in [#1350](https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/1350). `initialize()` now takes care of all the initialization – including data initialization. This means, you have to call `initialize()`, where you previously called `initializeData()`. Be aware that this means that you have to write initial data before calling `initialize()`. Change:
```
